they say they say art imitates life but
and then this case it seems to be quite
the opposite mm-hmm well um you're at
well you just saw the budding romance
between Wow yeah we have some questions
from some of your fans on what we call
the wall of America right now they're
standing by they've been watching us
throughout the show there they are you
can see they're dressing festively and
we're gonna start okay okay what is your
question for the cast of The Avengers hi
okay my question is I feel like I know
the answer to this but I was the biggest
diva in the whole cast no why do you
why'd you say she feels like Chanel yeah
well what do you think it is okay I want
to know what she thinks
yeah who do you think oh you hate that
picture off the monitor
Aylmer we have a question from a
gentleman whose name is actually Elmer
your real name is Elmer hi Elmer hello
today I have a question my my teachers
have given us an account close to the
Avengers with you I would like for you
guys to give me some advice or what we
produce to make or change the exam it's
for history given to a professor
Bonaparte Elmer Townsend you're speaking
through a can on the string he's asking
if we can push the test is history exam
Oh history you can see the opening of
Avengers oh is that right you have a
history jail that's a fair request yeah
those functionable future giveth me or
change the change today I am Oh
what's your teacher's name cheat or
Swingle okay that's a bona fun well hey
what Sam well professor bonnafon I L
more how old are you what grade are you
in
oh I'm not affected by the way your what
unprotected an awesome detective alright
well hopefully professor will change the
date I can talk yes I'm sorry I'm
locking your name up on them yes we will
next up okay well sue we have their on
the wall of America Thank You Omer so
you have anybody might want to study
buddy we have a gentleman named uh Clark
I believe on the wall if we can go to
that uh
why what is your boyfriend yes my
head mechanic big fan Isum I
just wanted if any of you had ever
considered working on the small screen I
don't know if you're perfect the golden
age of television
yeah there's a holiday what about
Marvel's agents of shield would you any
of you be a part of that Joe sure yes
absolutely thank you yes of course
you know we're smart no I got video ads
you don't want to be blown off your
small screen blowing a song well thank
you Clark unless I got the best you can
do
a task
you